Dear new students
Let me tell you the good news.
Yan Ziqi's president's daughter Yan Jiayan
About to return from abroad
It's coming soon.
I heard that Miss Yuan
Received the viral spread of President Yan since childhood
I went to Europe to study for another three years
Miss Yan returns home
This time, I'm going to prepare to participate in the Dragon City Fighting Contest
With the teachings of Chairperson Yan
There are also study and training in foreign countries.
I think this is the winner of the competition
It must be Miss Yan's
Everyone must be ready to welcome Miss Yan
If there is a serious risk disclosure
Be careful I let you walk around
Miss, you are finally back.
Miss, you have been dusty all the way
Thank you so much.
Hurry up, Miss, you are so low-key.
How can you carry the bag yourself?
Miss, drink water, drink water
Hey, students, the eldest lady is back
Come and say hello together
Yes, yes, yes, haha.
Not a big lady
Does the eldest lady really look like our teacher?
The figure of the eldest lady is hard work at first glance
Practiced for many years
This return to China will definitely make a name for itself
Yes, with the help of the eldest lady
Our Boji Pavilion will definitely be able to carry forward
famous all over the world
I'm really not a big lady
Oh, Miss, you are too modest.
Are you the eldest lady?
Yes, Teacher Yan has a daughter like you.
Our Dragon City fighting world really has a successor
Yes, I'm really not Teacher Yan's daughter.
I'm here to learn fighting
Why did you really get the wrong person?
That's impossible.
You look a lot like Teacher Yan.
Right.
Miss Yan, even an impostor dares to call Miss Yan